https://www.gauteng.gov.za,Gauteng (Province)
https://www.limpopo.gov.za,Limpopo (Province)
https://www.nwpg.gov.za,North West (Province)
http://www.northern-cape.gov.za,Northern Cape (Province)
https://www.westerncape.gov.za,Western Cape (Province)
https://ecprov.gov.za,Eastern Cape (Province)
https://www.freestateonline.fs.gov.za,Free State (Province)
http://www.kznonline.gov.za,KwaZulu-Natal (Province)
http://www.mpumalanga.gov.za,Mpumalanga (Province)
https://www.buffalocity.gov.za,Buffalo City (Metro Municipality)
https://www.capetown.gov.za,Cape Town (Metro Municipality)
https://www.ekurhuleni.gov.za,Ekurhuleni (Metro Municipality)
https://joburg.org.za,Johannesburg (Metro Municipality)
https://www.tshwane.gov.za,Tshwane (Metro Municipality)
https://www.durban.gov.za,eThekwini (Metro Municipality)
https://www.mangaung.co.za,Mangaung (Metro Municipality)
https://www.nelsonmandelabay.gov.za,Nelson Mandela Bay (Metro Municipality)
https://www.alfrednzo.gov.za,Alfred Nzo (District Municipality)
https://www.amathole.gov.za,Amathole (District Municipality)
https://www.chrishanidm.gov.za,Chris Hani (District Municipality)
http://www.jgdm.gov.za,Joe Gqabi (District Municipality)
https://www.nelsonmandelabay.gov.za,Nelson Mandela Bay (Metro Municipality)
https://www.ortambodm.gov.za,OR Tambo (District Municipality)
http://www.sbdm.co.za,Sarah Baartman (District Municipality)
https://feziledabi.gov.za,Fezile Dabi (District Municipality)
https://lejwe.co.za,Lejweleputswa (District Municipality)
https://www.thabomofutsanyana.gov.za,Thabo Mofutsanyana (District Municipality)
https://xhariep.gov.za,Xhariep (District Muncipality)
http://www.sedibeng.gov.za,Sedibeng (District Municipality)
http://www.wrdm.gov.za,West Rand (District Municipality)
https://www.amajuba.gov.za,Amajuba (District Municipality)
http://www.harrygwaladm.gov.za,Harry Gwala (District Municipality)
https://www.ilembe.gov.za,iLembe (District Municipality)
http://www.kingcetshwayo.gov.za,King Cetshwayo (District Municipality)
http://www.ugu.gov.za,Ugu (District Municipality)
http://www.umdm.gov.za,uMgungundlovu (District Municipality)
http://www.umkhanyakude.gov.za,uMkhanyakude (District Municipality)
http://www.umzinyathi.gov.za,uMzinyathi (District Municipality)
http://www.uthukeladm.gov.za,uThukela (District Municipality)
http://www.zululand.org.za,Zululand (District Municipality)
https://www.capricorn.gov.za,Capricorn (District Municipality)
https://www.mopani.gov.za,Mopani (District Municipality)
https://www.sekhukhune.gov.za,Sekhukhune (District Municipality)
https://www.vhembe.gov.za,Vhembe (District Municipality)
https://www.waterberg.gov.za,Waterberg (District Municipality)
https://www.ehlanzeni.gov.za,Ehlanzeni (District Municipality)
https://www.gertsibande.gov.za,Gert Sibande (District Municipality)
https://www.nkangala.gov.za,Nkangala (District Municipality)
https://bojanala.gov.za,Bojanala Platinum (District Municipality)
https://www.kdc.gov.za,Dr Kenneth Kaunda (District Municipality)
https://www.ditlhong.gov.za,Dr Ruth Segomotsi Mompati (District Municipality)
https://www.nmm.gov.za,Ngaka Modiri Molema (District Municipality)
https://www.francesbaard.gov.za,Frances Baard (District Municipality)
http://www.jgdm.gov.za,John Taolo Gaetsewe (District Municipality)
http://www.namakwa.gov.za,Namakwa (District Municipality)
http://www.pixleykaseme.gov.za,Pixley ka Seme (District Municipality)
https://www.zfm.gov.za,ZF Mgcawu (District Municipality)
https://www.capewinelands.gov.za,Cape Winelands (District Municipality)
https://www.skdm.co.za,Central Karoo (District Municipality)
https://www.gardenroute.gov.za,Garden Route (District Municipality)
https://www.overberg.gov.za,Overberg (District Municipality)
https://www.westcoast.gov.za,West Coast (District Municipality)
https://www.drbyersnaudelm.gov.za,Dr Beyers Naud√© (Local Municipality)
https://www.bluecraneroute.gov.za,Blue Crane Route (Local Municipality)
https://www.makana.gov.za,Makana (Local Municipality)
https://www.ndlambe.gov.za,Ndlambe (Local Municipality)
https://www.sundaysriver.gov.za,Sundays River Valley (Local Municipality)
https://www.kouga.gov.za,Kouga (Local Municipality)
https://www.kou-kamma.gov.za,Kou-Kamma (Local Municipality)
https://www.mbhashe.gov.za,Mbhashe (Local Municipality)
https://www.mnquma.gov.za,Mnquma (Local Municipality)
https://www.greatkei.gov.za,Great Kei (Local Municipality)
https://www.amahlathi.gov.za,Amahlathi (Local Municipality)
https://www.ngqushwa.gov.za,Ngqushwa (Local Municipality)
https://www.raymondmhlaba.gov.za,Raymond Mhlaba (Local Municipality)
https://www.inxubayethembamunicipality.gov.za,Inxuba Yethemba (Local Municipality)
https://www.intsikayethu.gov.za,Intsika Yethu (Local Municipality)
https://www.emalahleni.gov.za,Emalahleni (Local Municipality)
https://www.drabxuma.gov.za,Dr AB Xuma (Local Municipality)
https://www.sakhisizwe.gov.za,Sakhisizwe (Local Municipality)
https://www.enochmgijima.gov.za,Enoch Mgijima (Local Municipality)
https://www.elundini.gov.za,Elundini (Local Municipality)
https://www.senqu.gov.za,Senqu (Local Municipality)
https://www.waltersisulu.gov.za,Walter Sisulu (Local Municipality)
https://www.ingquzahill.gov.za,Ingquza Hill (Local Municipality)
https://www.portstjohns.gov.za,Port St Johns (Local Municipality)
https://www.nyandeni.gov.za,Nyandeni (Local Municipality)
https://www.mhlontlo.gov.za,Mhlontlo (Local Municipality)
https://www.kingsabata.gov.za,King Sabata Dalindyebo (Local Municipality)
https://www.matatiele.gov.za,Matatiele (Local Municipality)
https://www.umzimvubu.gov.za,Umzimvubu (Local Municipality)
https://www.winnie.gov.za,Winnie Madikizela-Mandela (Local Municipality)
https://www.ntabankulu.gov.za,Ntabankulu (Local Municipality)
https://www.letsemeng.gov.za,Letsemeng (Local Municipality)
https://www.kopanong.gov.za,Kopanong (Local Municipality)
https://www.mohokare.gov.za,Mohokare (Local Municipality)
https://www.masilonyana.gov.za,Masilonyana (Local Municipality)
https://www.tokologo.gov.za,Tokologo (Local Municipality)
https://www.tswelopele.gov.za,Tswelopele (Local Municipality)
https://www.matjhabeng.gov.za,Matjhabeng (Local Municipality)
https://www.nala.gov.za,Nala (Local Municipality)
https://www.setsoto.gov.za,Setsoto (Local Municipality)
https://www.dihlabeng.gov.za,Dihlabeng (Local Municipality)
https://www.nketoana.gov.za,Nketoana (Local Municipality)
https://www.maluti-a-phofung.gov.za,Maluti-a-Phofung (Local Municipality)
https://www.phumelela.gov.za,Phumelela (Local Municipality)
https://www.mantsopa.gov.za,Mantsopa (Local Municipality)
https://www.moqhaka.gov.za,Moqhaka (Local Municipality)
https://www.ngwathe.gov.za,Ngwathe (Local Municipality)
https://www.metsimaholo.gov.za,Metsimaholo (Local Municipality)
https://www.mafube.gov.za,Mafube (Local Municipality)
https://www.emfuleni.gov.za,Emfuleni (Local Municipality)
https://www.midvaal.gov.za,Midvaal (Local Municipality)
https://www.lesedi.gov.za,Lesedi (Local Municipality)
https://www.mogalecity.gov.za,Mogale City (Local Municipality)
https://www.merafong.gov.za,Merafong City (Local Municipality)
https://www.randwestcity.gov.za,Rand West City (Local Municipality)
https://www.umdoni.gov.za,Umdoni Local Municipality
https://www.umzumbe.gov.za,Umzumbe Local Municipality
https://www.umuziwabantu.gov.za,uMuziwabantu Local Municipality
https://www.raynkonyeni.gov.za,Ray Nkonyeni Local Municipality
http://www.umshwathi.gov.za,uMshwathi Local Municipality
https://www.umngeni.gov.za,uMngeni Local Municipality
http://www.mpofana.gov.za,Mpofana Local Municipality
http://www.impendle.gov.za,Impendle Local Municipality
http://www.msunduzi.gov.za,Msunduzi Local Municipality
http://www.mkhambathini.gov.za,Mkhambathini Local Municipality
http://www.richmond.gov.za,Richmond Local Municipality
http://www.okhahlamba.gov.za,Okhahlamba Local Municipality
http://www.inkosilangalibalele.gov.za,Inkosi Langalibalele Local Municipality
https://www.alfredduma.gov.za,Alfred Duma Local Municipality
http://www.endumeni.gov.za,Endumeni Local Municipality
http://www.nqutu.gov.za,Nqutu Local Municipality
http://www.msinga.gov.za,Msinga Local Municipality
http://www.umvoti.gov.za,Umvoti Local Municipality
http://www.newcastle.gov.za,Newcastle Local Municipality
http://www.emadlangeni.gov.za,eMadlangeni Local Municipality
http://www.dannhauser.gov.za,Dannhauser Local Municipality
http://www.edumbe.gov.za,eDumbe Local Municipality
http://www.uphongolo.gov.za,uPhongolo Local Municipality
http://www.abaqulusi.gov.za,Abaqulusi Local Municipality
http://www.nongoma.gov.za,Nongoma Local Municipality
http://www.ulundi.gov.za,Ulundi Local Municipality
http://www.umhlabuyalingana.gov.za,uMhlabuyalingana Local Municipality
http://www.jozini.gov.za,Jozini Local Municipality
http://www.mtubatuba.gov.za,Mtubatuba Local Municipality
http://www.bigfivehlabisa.gov.za,Big Five Hlabisa Local Municipality
http://www.umfolozi.gov.za,uMfolozi Local Municipality
http://www.umhlathuze.gov.za,uMhlathuze Local Municipality
http://www.umlalazi.gov.za,uMlalazi Local Municipality
http://www.mthonjaneni.gov.za,Mthonjaneni Local Municipality
http://www.nkandla.gov.za,Nkandla Local Municipality
http://www.mandeni.gov.za,Mandeni Local Municipality
http://www.kwadukuza.gov.za,KwaDukuza Local Municipality
http://www.ndwedwe.gov.za,Ndwedwe Local Municipality
http://www.maphumulo.gov.za,Maphumulo Local Municipality
http://www.greaterkokstad.gov.za,Greater Kokstad Local Municipality
http://www.ubuhlebezwe.gov.za,Ubuhlebezwe Local Municipality
http://www.umzimkhulu.gov.za,Umzimkhulu Local Municipality
http://www.ndz.gov.za,Dr Nkosazana 
http://www.greatergiyani.gov.za,Greater Giyani Local Municipality
http://www.greaterletaba.gov.za,Greater Letaba Local Municipality
http://www.greatertzaneen.gov.za,Greater Tzaneen Local Municipality
http://www.phalaborwa.gov.za,Ba-Phalaborwa Local Municipality
http://www.maruleng.gov.za,Maruleng Local Municipality
http://www.musina.gov.za,Musina Local Municipality
http://www.thulamela.gov.za,Thulamela Local Municipality
http://www.makhado.gov.za,Makhado Local Municipality
http://www.collinschabane.gov.za,Collins Chabane Local Municipality
http://www.blouberg.gov.za,Blouberg Local Municipality
http://www.molemole.gov.za,Molemole Local Municipality
http://www.polokwane.gov.za,Polokwane Local Municipality
http://www.lepellenkumpi.gov.za,Lepelle-Nkumpi Local Municipality
http://www.thabazimbi.gov.za,Thabazimbi Local Municipality
http://www.lephalale.gov.za,Lephalale Local Municipality
http://www.belabela.gov.za,Bela-Bela Local Municipality
http://www.mogalakwena.gov.za,Mogalakwena Local Municipality
http://www.modimolle.gov.za,Modimolle‚ÄìMookgophong Local Municipality
http://www.ephraimmogale.gov.za,Ephraim Mogale Local Municipality
http://www.eliasmotsoaledi.gov.za,Elias Motsoaledi Local Municipality
http://www.makhuduthamaga.gov.za,Makhuduthamaga Local Municipality
http://www.albertluthuli.gov.za,Albert Luthuli Local Municipality
http://www.msukaligwa.gov.za,Msukaligwa Local Municipality
http://www.mkhondo.gov.za,Mkhondo Local Municipality
http://www.pixleykaseme.gov.za,Pixley ka Seme Local Municipality
http://www.lekwalm.gov.za,Lekwa Local Municipality
http://www.dipaleseng.gov.za,Dipaleseng Local Municipality
http://www.govanmbeki.gov.za,Govan Mbeki Local Municipality
http://www.victorkhanye.gov.za,Victor Khanye Local Municipality
http://www.emalahleni.gov.za,Emalahleni Local Municipality
http://www.stevetshwetelm.gov.za,Steve Tshwete Local Municipality
http://www.emakhazeni.gov.za,Emakhazeni Local Municipality
http://www.thembisilehanilm.gov.za,Thembisile Hani Local Municipality
http://www.drjsmoroka.gov.za,Dr JS Moroka Local Municipality
http://www.thabachweu.gov.za,Thaba Chweu Local Municipality
http://www.nkomazi.gov.za,Nkomazi Local Municipality
http://www.bushbuckridge.gov.za,Bushbuckridge Local Municipality
http://www.richtersveld.gov.za,Richtersveld Local Municipality
http://www.namakhoi.gov.za,Nama Khoi Local Municipality
http://www.kamiesberg.gov.za,Kamiesberg Local Municipality
http://www.hantam.gov.za,Hantam Local Municipality
http://www.karoohoogland.gov.za,Karoo Hoogland Local Municipality
http://www.khai-ma.gov.za,Kh√¢i-Ma Local Municipality
http://www.ubuntu.gov.za,Ubuntu Local Municipality
http://www.umsobomvu.gov.za,Umsobomvu Local Municipality
http://www.emthanjeni.gov.za,Emthanjeni Local Municipality
http://www.kareeberg.gov.za,Kareeberg Local Municipality
http://www.renosterberg.gov.za,Renosterberg Local Municipality
http://www.thembelihle.gov.za,Thembelihle Local Municipality
http://www.siyathemba.gov.za,Siyathemba Local Municipality
http://www.siyancuma.gov.za,Siyancuma Local Municipality
http://www.kaigarib.gov.za,Kai !Garib Local Municipality
http://www.kheis.gov.za,!Kheis Local Municipality
http://www.tsantsabane.gov.za,Tsantsabane Local Municipality
http://www.kgatelopele.gov.za,Kgatelopele Local Municipality
http://www.dawidkruiper.gov.za,Dawid Kruiper Local Municipality
http://www.solplaatje.org.za,Sol Plaatje Local Municipality
http://www.dikgatlong.gov.za,Dikgatlong Local Municipality
http://www.magareng.gov.za,Magareng Local Municipality
http://www.phokwane.gov.za,Phokwane Local Municipality
http://www.joemorolong.gov.za,Joe Morolong Local Municipality
http://www.ga-segonyana.gov.za,Ga-Segonyana Local Municipality
http://www.gamagara.gov.za,Gamagara Local Municipality
https://moretele.gov.za/,Moretele Local Municipality
https://www.madibeng.gov.za/,Madibeng Local Municipality
https://www.rustenburg.gov.za/,Rustenburg Local Municipality
http://www.kgetlengrivier.gov.za/,Kgetlengrivier Local Municipality
http://www.moseskotane.gov.za/,Moses Kotane Local Municipality
https://www.ratlou.gov.za/,Ratlou Local Municipality
https://www.tswaing.gov.za/,Tswaing Local Municipality
https://www.mahikeng.gov.za/,Mahikeng Local Municipality
http://www.ditsobotla.gov.za/,Ditsobotla Local Municipality
http://www.ramotshere.gov.za/,Ramotshere Moiloa Local Municipality
http://www.naledi.gov.za/,Naledi Local Municipality
https://www.mamusa.gov.za/,Mamusa Local Municipality
http://www.greater-taung.gov.za/,Greater Taung Local Municipality
http://www.lekwa-teemane.gov.za/,Lekwa-Teemane Local Municipality
https://www.kagisanomolopo.gov.za/,Kagisano-Molopo Local Municipality
https://www.matlosana.gov.za/,City of Matlosana Local Municipality
http://www.maquassihills.gov.za/,Maquassi Hills Local Municipality
http://www.jbmarks.gov.za/,JB Marks Local Municipality
http://www.matzikama.gov.za/,Matzikama Local Municipality
http://www.cederberg.gov.za/,Cederberg Local Municipality
http://www.bergrivier.gov.za/,Bergrivier Local Municipality
http://www.saldanha.gov.za/,Saldanha Bay Local Municipality
http://www.swartland.org.za/,Swartland Local Municipality
http://www.witzenberg.gov.za/,Witzenberg Local Municipality
http://www.drakenstein.gov.za/,Drakenstein Local Municipality
http://www.stellenbosch.gov.za/,Stellenbosch Local Municipality
http://www.breedevalley.gov.za/,Breede Valley Local Municipality
http://www.langeberg.gov.za/,Langeberg Local Municipality
http://www.theewaterskloof.gov.za/,Theewaterskloof Local Municipality
http://www.overstrand.gov.za/,Overstrand Local Municipality
http://www.capetown.gov.za/,Cape Agulhas Local Municipality
http://www.swellendam.gov.za/,Swellendam Local Municipality
http://www.kannaland.gov.za/,Kannaland Local Municipality
http://www.hessequa.gov.za/,Hessequa Local Municipality
http://www.mosselbay.gov.za/,Mossel Bay Local Municipality
http://www.george.gov.za/,George Local Municipality
http://www.oudtshoorn.gov.za/,Oudtshoorn Local Municipality
http://www.bitou.gov.za/,Bitou Local Municipality
http://www.knysna.gov.za/,Knysna Local Municipality
http://www.laingsburg.gov.za/,Laingsburg Local Municipality
http://www.princealbert.gov.za/,Prince Albert Local Municipality
http://www.dalrrd.gov.za/,Agriculture, Land Reform and Rural Development
https://www.education.gov.za/,Basic Education
http://www.policesecretariat.gov.za/,Civilian Secretariat for Police
https://www.dcdt.gov.za/,Communications and Digital Technologies
https://www.cogta.gov.za,Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs
http://www.dcs.gov.za/,Correctional Services
http://www.dod.mil.za,Defence
http://www.labour.gov.za/,Employment and Labour
https://www.dffe.gov.za/,Forestry, Fisheries and the Environment
https://www.gcis.gov.za,Government Communication and Information System
https://www.health.gov.za/,Health
https://www.dhet.gov.za/,Higher Education and Training
http://www.dha.gov.za/,Home Affairs
https://www.dhs.gov.za/,Human Settlements
https://www.ipid.gov.za/,Independent Police Investigative Directorate
https://www.dirco.gov.za/,International Relations and Cooperation
https://www.justice.gov.za/,Justice and Constitutional Development
http://www.dmv.gov.za/,Military Veterans
http://www.dmre.gov.za/,Mineral Resources and Energy
https://www.thensg.gov.za/,National School of Government
https://www.treasury.gov.za/,National Treasury
https://www.judiciary.org.za,Office of the Chief Justice
https://www.dpme.gov.za/Pages/default.aspx,Planning Monitoring and Evaluation
https://dpe.gov.za/,Public Enterprises
https://www.dpsa.gov.za,Public Service and Administration
https://www.psc.gov.za/,Public Service Commission
http://www.publicworks.gov.za/,Public Works and Infrastructure
https://www.dst.gov.za/,Science and Innovation
http://www.ec.gov.za/,Eastern Cape
http://www.freestateonline.gov.za/,Free State
http://www.gauteng.gov.za/,Gauteng
http://www.kzn.gov.za/,KwaZulu-Natal
http://www.limpopo.gov.za/,Limpopo
http://www.mpumalanga.gov.za/,Mpumalanga
http://www.northwest.gov.za/,North West
http://www.ncpg.gov.za/,Northern Cape
http://www.westerncape.gov.za/,Western Cape
https://www.sassa.gov.za/,SASSA
https://www.sapapers.co.za/SA Papers
https://www.gov.za,Government of South Africa
https://www.southafrica.info, South Africa Online
https://www.dsd.gov.za,Department of Social Development
https://www.dha.gov.za,Department of Home Affairs
https://www.policestatistics.gov.za,South African Police Service Statistics
https://www.westerncape.gov.za,Western Cape Government
https://www.tshwane.gov.za,City of Tshwane
https://www.joburg.org.za,City of Johannesburg
https://www.capetown.gov.za,City of Cape Town
https://www.easterncape.gov.za,Eastern Cape Government
https://www.kzn.gov.za,KwaZulu-Natal Government
https://www.limpopo.gov.za,Limpopo Provincial Government
https://www.mpumalanga.gov.za,Mpumalanga Provincial Government
https://www.northwest.gov.za,North West Provincial Government
https://www.freetystate.gov.za,Free State Provincial Government
https://www.gauteng.gov.za,Gauteng Provincial Government
https://www.dmr.gov.za,Department of Mineral Resources
https://www.environment.gov.za,Department of Environment, Forestry and Fisheries
https://www.transport.gov.za,Department of Transport
https://www.sars.gov.za,South African Revenue Service
https://www.health.gov.za,Department of Health
https://www.education.gov.za,Department of Basic Education
https://www.dhET.gov.za,Department of Higher Education and Training
https://www.sasa.org.za,South African Social Security Agency
https://www.investment.gov.za,Department of Trade, Industry and Competition
https://www.nationaldepartmentofhealth.gov.za,National Department of Health
https://www.dhcs.gov.za,Department of Human Settlements
https://www.gautrain.co.za,Gautrain Management Agency
https://www.nhls.ac.za,National Health Laboratory Service
https://www.sahrc.org.za,South African Human Rights Commission
https://www.arts.gov.za,Department of Sports, Arts and Culture
https://www.npa.gov.za,National Prosecuting Authority
https://www.csa.gov.za,Civilian Secretariat for the Police Service
https://www.sadc.int, Southern African Development Community
https://www.national treasury.gov.za,National Treasury
https://www.cogta.gov.za,Department of Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs
https://www.dhs.gov.za,Department of Housing
https://www.saldru.uct.ac.za,Southern Africa Labour and Development Research Unit
https://www.csir.co.za,Council for Scientific and Industrial Research
https://www.uj.ac.za,University of Johannesburg
https://www.ru.ac.za,Rhodes University
https://www.wits.ac.za,University of the Witwatersrand
https://www.unisa.ac.za,University of South Africa
https://www.nwu.ac.za,North-West University
https://www.mysociety.org.za,My Society South Africa
https://www.nda.org.za,National Development Agency
https://www.bosch.com, Bosch South Africa
https://www.elections.org.za,Electoral Commission of South Africa
https://www.pmg.org.za,Parliamentary Monitoring Group
https://www.westerncape.gov.za/departments/education, Western Cape Department of Education
https://www.eceducation.gov.za,Eastern Cape Department of Education
https://www.kzneducation.gov.za,KwaZulu-Natal Department of Education
https://www.dhet.gov.za,Department of Higher Education and Training
https://www.labour.gov.za,Department of Employment and Labour
https://www.business.gov.za,Business.gov.za
https://www.dbsa.org, Development Bank of Southern Africa
https://www.hsrc.ac.za,Human Sciences Research Council
https://www.sahra.org.za,South African Heritage Resources Agency
https://www.statssa.gov.za,Statistics South Africa
https://www.sadpo.org, South African Development Policy Observatory
https://www.politicsweb.co.za,Politicsweb
https://www.ics.gov.za,Information and Communication Technology
https://www.saal.gov.za,South African Audit and Accounting
https://www.mil.gov.za,South African National Defence Force
https://www.saps.gov.za,South African Police Service
https://www.defenceweb.co.za,DefenceWeb
https://www.ujuh.co.za,UJuh
https://www.treasury.gov.za,National Treasury of South Africa
https://www.fsb.co.za,Financial Services Board
https://www.acts.co.za,South African Acts
https://www.icc.org.za,International Criminal Court South Africa
https://www.ustr.gov.za,United States Trade Representative South Africa
https://www.filmsa.org.za,Film South Africa
https://www.cde.org.za,Centre for Development and Enterprise
https://www.safm.co.za,South African FM
https://www.busa.org.za,Business Unity South Africa
https://www.busa.org.za/gov/safe, Safe South Africa
https://www.cooperative.gov.za,Cooperative Governance
https://www.tourism.gov.za,Department of Tourism
https://www.legacy.gov.za,The Legacy Project
https://www.csi.gov.za,Corporate Social Investment
https://www.sabc.co.za,South African Broadcasting Corporation
https://www.geoscience.org.za,Council for Geoscience
https://www.saasac.co.za,South African State Archive and Agency Commission
https://www.nwpg.gov.za,North West Provincial Government
https://www.madiba.gov.za,Madiba Legacy
https://www.iafrica.com, iAfrica
https://www.researchgate.net, ResearchGate South Africa
https://www.journal.org.za,Journal of South African Studies
https://www.fightingcancer.org.za,Fighting Cancer South Africa
https://www.nbp.org.za,National Biodiversity Planning
https://www.digital.gov.za,Digital Government
https://www.education.gov.za/educationinfo, Education Information
https://www.humanrights.gov.za,South African Human Rights
https://www.ruraldevelopment.gov.za,Department of Rural Development and Land Reform
https://www.nrcs.org.za,National Regulator for Compulsory Specifications
https://www.environment.gov.za/initiatives, Environmental Initiatives
https://www.qualitycouncil.org.za,Quality Council for Trades and Occupations
https://www.sasa.gov.za,South African Statistical Agency
https://www.cityofcapetown.gov.za,City of Cape Town
